Image registry and setup update (#3233)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/setup.sh.md

---
title: About setup.sh
hide:
  - toc
---

!!! note

>     `setup.sh` is not required since v10.2.0. We encourage you to use `docker exec -ti <CONTAINER NAME> setup` instead.

Reviewer: If you want to keep this, that's fine.

I have made commits to your PRs which removed this admonition from other doc pages however. Changelog for v12 could probably express the information just as well.

---

This is clarified further down, so mostly redundant. If you'd like to keep it, maybe drop the version mention?

```suggestion
    `setup.sh` is not required. We encourage you to use `docker exec -ti <CONTAINER NAME> setup` instead.
```

The latest version of the script is included in the `docker-mailserver` repository. You may retrieve it at any time by running this command in your console:
    `setup.sh` is not required since v10.2.0. We encourage you to use `docker exec -ti <CONTAINER NAME> setup` instead.

```sh
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/master/setup.sh
chmod a+x ./setup.sh
```

> ## Usage

Author: I always thought this to be rather useless. I hope you agree :)

> [`setup.sh`][github-file-setupsh] is a script that aids in running commands inside your DMS container, including initial configuration. It has become a wrapper around `docker exec -ti <CONTAINER NAME> setup` where it basically tries to automatically determine `<CONTAINER NAME>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`setup.sh`][github-file-setupsh] is a script that is complimentary to the internal `setup` command in `docker-mailserver`.

It mostly provides the convenience of aliasing `docker exec -ti <CONTAINER NAME> setup`, inferring the container name of a running `docker-mailserver` instance or running a new instance and bind mounting necessary volumes implicitly.
```

wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/master/setup.sh
chmod a+x ./setup.sh
```

> By running `./setup.sh help`, usage information is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on using the script run: `./setup.sh help`.
```
